README.md, before:

# CVT-Simulator

**Authors:**
- [Kai Arseneau](https://github.com/gr812b)
- [Travis Wing]()
- [Cameron Dunn]()
- [Grace McKenna]()

**Date of project start**: September 10, 2024

Our project aims to create an advanced CVT simulation tool that integrates complex mathematical models, a rendering engine, and a user-friendly interface to accurately model the transmission's dynamics. The objective is to streamline the tuning process, allowing for faster adjustments to the transmission and reducing the need for labor-intensive physical testing. By simulating real-world behavior, the tool will help engineers experiment with different tuning parameters to achieve optimal performance, improving vehicle acceleration and torque output.

## Project Structure
The folders and files for this project are as follows:

- docs - Documentation for the project
- refs - Reference material used for the project, including papers
- src - Source code
- test - Test cases

## Setup

## Python setup

1. Create and activate a virtual environment:
```bash
python -m venv venv
venv\Scripts\activate # or source venv/bin/activate on Mac
```
2. Install the dependencies
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Run the tests
```bash
python -m unittest discover -s tests
```
4. Manually run linter and formatter
```bash
flake8 src/ test/
black src/ test/
```

Commit message:

Adding pre-commit optional step

README.md, after:

# CVT-Simulator

**Authors:**
- [Kai Arseneau](https://github.com/gr812b)
- [Travis Wing]()
- [Cameron Dunn]()
- [Grace McKenna]()

**Date of project start**: September 10, 2024

Our project aims to create an advanced CVT simulation tool that integrates complex mathematical models, a rendering engine, and a user-friendly interface to accurately model the transmission's dynamics. The objective is to streamline the tuning process, allowing for faster adjustments to the transmission and reducing the need for labor-intensive physical testing. By simulating real-world behavior, the tool will help engineers experiment with different tuning parameters to achieve optimal performance, improving vehicle acceleration and torque output.

## Project Structure
The folders and files for this project are as follows:

- docs - Documentation for the project
- refs - Reference material used for the project, including papers
- src - Source code
- test - Test cases

## Setup

## Python setup

1. Create and activate a virtual environment
```bash
python -m venv venv
venv\Scripts\activate # or source venv/bin/activate on Mac
```
2. Install the dependencies
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Run the tests
```bash
python -m unittest discover -s tests
```
4. Manually run linter and formatter
```bash
flake8 src/ test/
black src/ test/
```
5. If you want to setup the pre-commit, run:
```bash
pre-commit install
```
